## Attribution

This code comes from MIT 6.824. I have heavily adapted most of this
mapreduce code (refactoring it to a structure I like better), but all
the original work was done by someone else (rtm).

## Code Organization and Overview

The general architecture is as follows.

### mapreduce/commands and mapreduce/types

The `mapreduce/commands` package contains methods like
`RunSequentialJob`, `RunDistributedJob`, `RunWorker` which `mapreduce`
users call to use the library.

The `mapreduce/types` package contains some types that will be useful
for the user. The first is `JobConfiguration`: this is how the user
specifies the input files, how many reducers to use, the mapping and
reducing functions to run.

The `mapreduce/types` package also contains typedefs for
`MappingFunction` and `ReducingFunction`. When the user runs a job, they
must provide mapping and reducing functions with the appropriate
function type signatures. `MappingFunction`s and `ReducingFunction`s
both emit `KeyValue`s, a struct also defined in `mapreduce/types`.

All the following subpackages are internal and the user doesn't need
them.

### mapreduce/util

The `mapreduce/util` package contains utility functions used elsewhere
in the codebase.

### mapreduce/mapper

The `mapreduce/mapper` package contains all the code required for
performing mapping. Its most important method is `ExecuteMapping`. To
partition the output `KeyValue`s, a helper `OutputManager` was written.
The `OutputManager` takes care of opening output files, setting up JSON
encoders, and calculating which reducer should be sent each output
`KeyValue`.

I wrote a `mapper.Configuration` struct to contain the parameters for a
map task. It tracks `JobConfiguration` fairly closely, but also contains
a `MapTaskIdx`.

### mapreduce/reducer

The `mapreduce/reducer` package contains all the code required for
performing reducing. It is similarish to the `mapreducer/mapper`
package. There is a `reducer.Configuration` object, an `ExecuteReducing`
function. There is a `reducer.InputManager` that mirrors the
`mapper.OutputManager` class.

There are some differences from the mapper code though.

First, there is code to sort the input files (`sortReducerInputFile`). I
do not love this code because it is one of the few places I load an
entire file's worth of data into memory. But it would be
super-super-overkill to write an external merge sort for this toy
mapreduce implementation.

Reducers need to iterate groups of `KeyValue`s which all have the same
key (for instance, all the reducer inputs for the word "the"). A group's
`KeyValue`s may live across the different input files (the word "the"
may be output by multiple reduce tasks). If all input files were
concatenated before sorting, then forming groups would be easy: scan
`KeyValue`s until you hit one with a new key (read "the" rows until you
hit a row for the word "tiny").

I don't want to merge the reducer input files into one big file which is
then sorted. I sort each reducer input file, and then I pull keys
one-by-one in ascending order using my `MergedInputIterator`. The
`MergedInputIterator` can do this by peeking only one row ahead in each
reducer input file.

Now that `MergedInputIterator` is giving a stream of `KeyValue` by
ascending `Key`, I wrote a `GroupingIterator` which iterates over groups
of `KeyValue`. I don't want to load the entire group into memory at
once, though. I want to pass the user's `ReducingFunction` an iterator
over each member of the group. So `GroupingIterator` returns a series of
`GroupIterator`s. The idea is that the user's reducer can typically
iterate the group without ever storing all the `KeyValue`s of the group
in memory at once.

### mapreduce/rpc

The `mapreduce/rpc` package contains argument and reply types to be used
when making or responding to RPC requests. There are three kinds of RPC
request:

* `Worker`s `Register` with the `Master`. This lets the `Master` know
  they can assign work to the `Worker`.
* A `Master` can tell a `Worker` to `DoTask`. A task is either a mapping
  task or a reducing task. The same `Worker` may be told to do multiple
  tasks.
* Both `Master`s and `Worker`s can be told to `Shutdown`.

Code in the `mapreduce/master` and `mapreduce/worker` packages use the
`Call` function defined in `mapreduce/rpc` to invoke these RPC calls.
This function is nothing more than a wrapper around Golang's `rpc.Dial`
and `rcp.Call` functions.

### mapreduce/master

**TODO(HIGH)**

### mapreduce/worker

**TODO(HIGH)**
